update examples link in migrating (#3543)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/migrating/01-migrating.md

SvelteKit is the successor to Sapper and shares many elements of its design.

> If you have an existing Sapper app that you plan to migrate to SvelteKit, there are a number of changes you will need to make. You may find it helpful to view some examples from our [sites](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/tree/master/examples) repository while migrating.

Reviewer: you didn't update the link :grin:  but there's a few more examples besides the ones in the sites repo
```suggestion
If you have an existing Sapper app that you plan to migrate to SvelteKit, there are a number of changes you will need to make. You may find it helpful to view [some examples](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs#additional-resources-examples) while migrating.
```

Author: oops! not sure how I missed that one 😅
